Dr/oauth2 improvements (#63)
ecg-icas/icas: doc/0.123/_sources/reference/get-campaign-views-performance.rst.txt

.. index:: GET /campaign/{id}/views/performance
.. _get_campaign_views/performance:

GET /campaign/{id}/views/performance
====================================
.. list-table::
 :widths: 20 80

 * - Scope
   - ``api_ro`` or ``console_ro``

 * - Accept
   - ``application/sellside.ad-lite.list-v1+json``

Returns an overview of ``adLite`` objects, based on matching query parameters, in the context of a particular campaign. In addition, it returns the total size of the
result set matching the parameters criteria.

> This view should be used to quickly get insight on the ads in a campaign that might need attention or optimizing, from an ad performance perspective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This view should be used to quickly get insight into the ads in a campaign that might need attention or optimization, from an ad performance perspective.
```

Author: ditto

The performance view always operates on a particular requested date range (by default: the past 7 days), and has no pagination possibilities at the moment.
It should not be used for scrapping the entire inventory of ads from that campaign.

> At the moment ``adLite`` records are comprised of only the ad identifiers, however, we plan to enhance the response with more denormalized data pertaining an ad, based on further understanding of how this endpoint will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment ``adLite`` records are comprised of only the ad identifiers, however, we plan to enhance the response with more denormalized data pertaining to an ad, based on further understanding of how this endpoint will be used.
```

Author: ditto
